hay como un div invisible arriba que no me permite hacer click
Thought: 25.0s
There's an invisible div blocking clicks on the Continue button. This is likely the gradient overlay (scrollFade) at line 1268. Let me check it.

The gradient overlay is at line 1268:
<div className="pointer-events-none absolute left-0 right-0 bottom-0 h-16" style={{ background: `linear-gradient(to top, ${templateStyles.scrollFade}, transparent)` }} />

It has pointer-events-none so it shouldn't block clicks. But maybe the issue is something else.

Wait, the user says "hay como un div invisible arriba que no me permite hacer click" - there's an invisible div above that doesn't allow clicking.

Let me think about what could be creating an invisible div that blocks clicks. 

The gradient overlay has pointer-events-none which means clicks should pass through. But what about the step container? It has overflow-hidden now (I just added it). 

Actually, maybe the issue is that the step container (motion.div at line 700) has h-full flex flex-col and now overflow-hidden. This container fills the flex-1 relative area. If it's taller than expected, it could extend below the flex-1 area and overlap the buttons.

Wait, flex-1 in the shell means it takes remaining space. The buttons are siblings of this flex-1 div. So the buttons are AFTER the flex-1 div. The buttons shouldn't be overlapped.

But what if the inner content of the step container overflows? I added overflow-hidden to prevent that. However, the step container is inside the flex-1 relative div. The flex-1 div has min-h-0 which allows it to shrink. The flex-1 takes remaining space.

Hmm, maybe the issue is that the gradient overlay (absolute positioned at the bottom of the flex-1 relative div) is covering the buttons. But it has pointer-events-none!

Wait, could it be that the pointer-events-none class isn't properly applied? Let me check line 1268 again.

Actually, reading more carefully: the user says "hay como un div invisible arriba" - "there's like an invisible div above". This could be the gradient overlay or something else.

Let me think about this differently. With the new layout:
- Step container has overflow-hidden (I just added)
- Each step's scrollable area handles its own overflow
- The buttons are at the bottom of the shell

If the step container (motion.div) with h-full somehow extends beyond its parent (the flex-1 relative div), then it could overlap the buttons. But h-full means 100% of the parent, and the parent is flex-1 which is limited by the shell height.

Wait, I think I might have found the issue. In the old code, the step container had overflow-y-auto. This meant it would scroll content that overflows. In the new code with overflow-hidden (and also flex flex-col), the step container doesn't scroll. But the inner content of each step now handles scrolling.

However, for step 0, the structure is:
<div className="flex flex-col h-full min-h-0">
  <div className="shrink-0 space-y-8">   <- heading + categories
  <div className="flex-1 overflow-y-auto">   <- scrollable cards

For step 2:
<div className="overflow-y-auto delicate-scroll pb-4 h-full">
  <div ref={slotsRef} className="space-y-6">

For step 3:
<div className="overflow-y-auto delicate-scroll pb-4 h-full">
  <div className="space-y-4">

These inner scrollable containers have h-full which is 100% of the step container. But if the content is taller than the step container, they'll scroll. That's the correct behavior.

OK, I think the most likely culprit is something simpler. Let me re-examine: maybe the overflow-hidden I just added is causing the step container to clip at its boundaries, but since the step container is h-full (100% of the flex-1 parent), and the flex-1 parent has a fixed height (determined by the shell height minus header and buttons), it should be fine.

Actually, wait. I just realized something. The flex-1 relative div at line 698 has min-h-0. This means it CAN shrink to 0. But the shell has a fixed height (h-[min(...)]). The shell is flex flex-col. The flex-1 div is inside the shell, after the header. If the header is tall enough, the flex-1 div could be very small.

But the buttons are siblings of flex-1, not inside it. So they should still appear after the flex-1 area.

Let me just try removing overflow-hidden from the step container (since I just added it) and see if the user still has the issue. Or maybe I should remove it and ask if it's fixed.

Actually, I wonder if the overflow-hidden I just added is causing the problem! With overflow-hidden on the step container, if the inner content of a step is taller than the container, the overflow would clip but the container itself would still take its h-full height. Without overflow-hidden, the content would overflow the container and potentially overlap elements below (like the buttons).

Wait, but the buttons are NOT inside the step container. The buttons are siblings of the flex-1 div that contains the step container. So even if the step container overflows, it won't affect the buttons directly.

Unless the step container's parent (flex-1 relative) doesn't have overflow-hidden either. Let me check... the parent at line 698 is pt-4 min-h-0 flex-1 relative - no overflow-hidden. So if the step container content overflows, it would leak out of the flex-1 div and potentially overlap the buttons.

But with overflow-hidden on the step container (which I just added), the step container clips its content. So content can't leak out of it. But the step container itself with h-full fills its parent. So it shouldn't overlap buttons.

Hmm, I think the real issue might be more specific. Let me look at the gradient overlay more carefully.

Line 1268: <div className="pointer-events-none absolute left-0 right-0 bottom-0 h-16" ... />

This is INSIDE the flex-1 relative div (which is relative). It's positioned at the bottom of this relative container. The div has pointer-events-none.

But what if pointer-events-none is not working because of something else? Or what if there's another element without pointer-events-none that's blocking?

Actually, I think I know what the issue might be! Let me check the overflow-hidden I just added to the step container. The step container has position: relative (line 708), and it's inside the flex-1 relative div. The gradient overlay at line 1268 is absolute-positioned within the flex-1 relative div, so it's above the step container in the z-order.

But could the step container be covering the buttons? No, the buttons are siblings, so they follow in the DOM order and should be positioned below the flex-1 div.

Let me try a different approach. Maybe I should just remove the overflow-hidden I added since it's not the original issue, and instead check if there's a different problem.

Actually, wait. Let me re-read what the user said: "hay como un div invisible arriba que no me permite hacer click" - there's like an invisible div above that doesn't let me click.

This sounds like something is covering the button area. The most likely candidate is the gradient overlay, but it has pointer-events-none. 

But oh! The gradient overlay is positioned at the bottom of the flex-1 relative div. If the flex-1 relative div takes the remaining space, the overlay would be at the bottom of that space. But the buttons are BELOW the flex-1 div in the layout. So the overlay shouldn't cover the buttons.

Unless the flex-1 div is taller than expected. Could the pt-4 on the content div and the pb-10 on the header cause the total to exceed the shell height, making the shell overflow?

Actually, the shell has a FIXED height (h-[min(...)]) but it doesn't have overflow-hidden. So if the content is taller than the shell, it would overflow downward, potentially off-screen.

But the shell is flex flex-col. The flex-1 should shrink to accommodate the header + buttons + about section within the fixed height. With min-h-0, the flex-1 can shrink.

OK let me just look at this differently. Let me check the CSS for flex-1. In Tailwind, flex: 1 1 0%. Combined with min-h-0, it allows the element to shrink below its content size. So the flex-1 div should take the remaining space after the header, before the buttons.

If the remaining space is 0 or negative, the flex-1 would be 0 height. The buttons would be right after the header. That should still work.

Let me just remove the overflow-hidden I added (since it was just a guess) and instead focus on what the user described - an invisible div above the buttons.

Actually, I think I should check the scrollFade gradient overlay position. Let me look at it again:

<div className="pointer-events-none absolute left-0 right-0 bottom-0 h-16" 
  style={{ background: `linear-gradient(to top, ${templateStyles.scrollFade}, transparent)` }} 
/>

This is INSIDE <div className="pt-4 min-h-0 flex-1 relative">. The gradient is at the bottom of this container with h-16. The buttons are OUTSIDE this container in the next div.

So the gradient overlay should not cover the buttons. The buttons are in the next sibling div.

Unless there's a z-index issue where this overlay somehow renders above everything, but pointer-events-none should still allow clicks through.

Let me think about this differently. Maybe the issue is NOT with the gradient overlay but with the step container. Look at the step container's children:

Step 0: <div className="flex flex-col h-full min-h-0"> with heading and scrollable cards
Step 1: <div className="flex flex-col h-full min-h-0"> with heading and scrollable staff
Step 2: <div className="overflow-y-auto delicate-scroll pb-4 h-full">
Step 3: <div className="overflow-y-auto delicate-scroll pb-4 h-full">

All these are h-full which means 100% of the step container. The step container is h-full flex flex-col overflow-hidden.

Wait, but the step container's parent is flex-1 relative. The flex-1 gives it flex: 1 1 0%. Without min-h-0 on the flex-1 item... let me check: the div at line 698 has min-h-0 flex-1. So it can shrink.

But what about the step container? It has h-full flex flex-col overflow-hidden. The h-full is 100% of the flex-1 parent. So the step container takes the full height of the flex-1 area.

I think the issue might be that the step container, with h-full, extends to fill the flex-1 area completely. But the step container has overflow-hidden. Inside step 2 and 3, the inner scroll containers have h-full too, which is 100% of the step container. So far so good.

OK, I'm going in circles. Let me take a completely different approach. Let me just look at the file as-is and see if maybe there's an extra </div> somewhere that's closing the buttons div early or pushing it to the wrong place.

Wait, actually, let me re-read the user's exact words: "hay como un div invisible arriba que no me permite hacer click" - "there's like an invisible div above that won't let me click."

Could this be the step container itself? If the step container with overflow-hidden and h-full doesn't clip properly, it could extend below the flex-1 area. But h-full means 100% of parent, and the parent is flex-1 min-h-0. The flex-1 should be sized to fill remaining space.

But without overflow-hidden on the parent (flex-1 relative), the step container's children could overflow out of the flex-1 div. If step 0's content overflows (since its heading is shrink-0 and cards are flex-1 overflow-y-auto), the overflow could go into the button area.

But the cards area has overflow-y-auto, so its content should be contained. The heading has shrink-0 so it doesn't grow.

I'm going to try removing the overflow-hidden I just added and check if that helps, while also checking the layout more carefully.

Actually, you know what - I think the issue might be that the overflow-hidden I added is causing the h-full step container to size itself based on something unexpected. Without overflow-hidden, the step container's size is determined by the flex container. With overflow-hidden and content that's taller, it could cause issues.

Let me just remove it and test.
Cierto, probablemente el overflow-hidden que agregué al contenedor del step está causando el bloqueo. Lo saco:
← Edit src\app\book\[slug]\booking-client.tsx
  variants={stepReveal}
  initial="initial"
  animate="animate"
  exit="exit"
  className="h-full flex flex-col overflow-hidden"
  className="h-full flex flex-col"
  style={{ position: "relative" }}
>
  {step === 0 && (
    <div className="flex flex-col h-full min-h-0">
Thought: 7.9s
Wait, but if I remove overflow-hidden, the content could overflow the step container. But each step has its own overflow handling. For steps 0 and 1, they have flex-1 with overflow-y-auto. For steps 2 and 3, they have overflow-y-auto h-full.

The issue the user described - an invisible div above the buttons blocking clicks - might not be related to overflow-hidden. Let me think more carefully.

Actually, could it be that the step container's flex flex-col is causing it to take more height than expected? Without overflow-hidden, the step container's children determine its height (since it's flex flex-col with h-full). But h-full should constrain it to the parent's height.

Wait, h-full with flex is tricky. In a flex column, h-full means 100% of the parent's height. If the parent (flex-1 min-h-0) already calculates its height based on remaining space, then h-full on the child means the child takes that full height.

But in the old code, the step container was h-full overflow-y-auto. The h-full meant the same thing - 100% of parent. The overflow-y-auto allowed scrolling within.

In the new code, it's h-full flex flex-col. The flex flex-col makes it a flex container for its children. The children can be flex-1 (like the scroll areas) or shrink-0 (like the headings). This should work fine.

OK, let me think about this from a different angle. The user said "hay como un div invisible arriba" - there's an invisible div above the button. 

What if it's the flex-1 relative div itself? This div has flex-1 and relative. If it's taller than expected, it could extend below the visible area and block the buttons. But since it's flex-1, its height is determined by the remaining space in the shell.

The shell has a fixed height. Inside it:
1. Header div (pb-10)
2. Flex-1 content div
3. Buttons div (pt-4)
4. About section (optional)

The flex-1 should take exactly the remaining space, and the buttons should be below it.

But what if the flex-1's children (the step container and its children) make it grow? In a flex column without a fixed height, children can grow. But the shell has a fixed height. And the flex-1 has min-h-0 which allows shrinking.

I think the issue might be that the step 2 content (calendar + time slots) or step 3 content (form) is taller than the available space, causing the flex-1 to not be able to shrink to 0, and overflow happening.

But again, step 2 and 3 both have overflow-y-auto h-full wrappers, so their overflow should be handled internally.

Let me look at this problem from yet another angle. Maybe the issue is much simpler.

Could the motion.div at line 700 (the step container) have an issue where its h-full doesn't work because it's using framer-motion's layout or AnimatePresence? With AnimatePresence mode="wait", each step exits and a new one enters. The entering step animates in, and the exiting one animates out.

When step 0 exits and step 1 enters, there's a brief moment where both are in the DOM. During this time, they're both position: relative and overlapped. But this shouldn't block the buttons permanently.

Actually, wait - let me look at this more carefully. The AnimatePresence wraps the step container. The step container uses variants={stepReveal}. Let me check the stepReveal variants:
✱Grep "stepReveal|stepItemReveal" (11 matches)
Thought: 417ms
Let me check the stepReveal variants to understand the animation:
✱Grep "stepReveal|stepItemReveal"" (2 matches)
Thought: 356ms
The variants are imported from somewhere. Let me find where they're defined.
✱Grep "import.*stepReveal|from.*motion|framer"" (1 match)
Thought: 517ms
The variants are defined somewhere, probably in the same file. Let me search for const stepReveal or const stepItemReveal:
✱Grep "stepReveal =|stepItemReveal ="" 